but there was no person because the attacker
football player of the russian national team slipped
azoev did not pay attention but now it
Nikita Chernov doesn't matter
discovering what
them Moscow cisco is different for the first time
at this tournament haji nizovtseva
hedged and not one so our other
defenders had to break through on goal
rival Chernov did it before
partner nikita chernov with the transfer of his
mate alexander golovin
open the report and makes you get wet
more than ten thousand viewers and part
interception 3 twice Russian youth
footballers a good pass
I moved to the position
the attacker who Guliyev took the ball from
rival and see requests asks 5
Jedi beads sees it makes more accurate
show transfer it from one touch of the ball
stops the old all the same right
leg sends by goalkeeper by 20 believe
more confident shia Russian superiority
national team and now there is an opportunity well
take a little breath
how slurred transfer taught the court strongly
but melkadze ball scratched the referee
shows at a point of 11 meters
Georgy world earns goat penalty
for the Russian national team
crazy what you want now
arguing with the wind thereby the hungars on
judging which Russian camp
the teams were going to protest
after the match with the Dutch but as far as
I know there were no free
additional funds beyond that
the reason was given to the teams honestly
saying how phenomenal it is but
by time
walked in which kick leg lei on
a safety net as well as hectares Sirin run
oh how I made my way and daif oh how risky
right in the center
we look at the code again from here
will be clearly visible but it struck shigaev
unsuccessfully at a convenient height for the goalkeeper
not very much not quite centered
would strike right in the middle of the jackdaw
kept flying struck not sure our
Daif but the winners are not features of those
damage melkadze comes to the ball
throws another's penalty area kick
40 but a team that claims to
serious result in any case not
should be revealed as it did
greeks greeks all the same
but not all of course some of
football players of this team have experience
overdose high level performances
so does
1 8 Champions League final Mom dear
how it sounds yes and yet